[demo] Add Cart service exemplars doc (#5788)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/services/cart.md

builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetry()
    .ConfigureResource(appResourceBuilder)
    .WithMetrics(meterBuilder => meterBuilder
        .AddMeter("OpenTelemetry.Demo.Cart")
        .AddProcessInstrumentation()
        .AddRuntimeInstrumentation()
        .AddAspNetCoreInstrumentation()
        .SetExemplarFilter(ExemplarFilterType.TraceBased)
        .AddOtlpExporter());
```

### Exemplars

[Exemplars](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#exemplars)
are configured in the Cart service with trace-based exemplar filter, which
enables the OpenTelemetry SDK to attach exemplars to metrics.

> First it is created a `CartActivitySource`, `Meter` and two `Histograms`. The

Reviewer: Grammar

```suggestion
First it creates a `CartActivitySource`, `Meter` and two `Histograms`. The
```
